Interesting CIE :

ETX.to : Etrion Corp, Solar power in Japan, Chile, etc.


XXX.v
Auralite Investments Inc is a publicly listed investment issuer focused on identifying revolutionary technologies and New World industries. It focuses on six key target segments namely Environmental T
echnology, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) & Blockchain, Fintech, BioTech, BioPharma, and Cannabis Tech and Quantum Technology.


BB
BlackBerry Ltd designs and markets wireless handsets, software, and services. Its primary revenue drivers are the sale of handsets to customers for personal and corporate use, a variety of software pr
oducts used in embedded systems and for mobile device management, and service access fees from wireless carriers associated with securing and processing wireless data traffic. BlackBerry also owns QNX
, a leader in software used in automotive infotainment systems.


KXS
Kinaxis Inc is a Canada-based provider of software solutions for sales and operations planning (S&OP;) and supply chain management. The firm's flagship RapidResponse product is offered on the cloud. I
ts capabilities include consequence evaluation and alerting, responsibility-based collaboration, high-speed analytics, and scenario simulation. Kinaxis's S&OP; solution capabilities include supply and
 demand planning, capacity and inventory planning, and inventory management. The firm has operations in the North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific regions.
 
 
SHOP
Shopify Inc is a Canadian company which provides cloud-based commerce platform designed for small and medium-sized businesses. Using a single interface, the company's merchants can design, set up and 
manage their shops across multiple sales channels, including web, tablet and mobile storefronts, social media storefronts, and brick-and-mortar and pop-up shops. Its platform provides merchants with a
 single view of their business and customers across all of their sales channels and enables them to manage products and inventory, process orders and payments, build customer relationships and leverag
e analytics and reporting. Its channel offerings include web, mobile and tablet stores, brick-and-mortar and pop-up shops, social media; mobile apps; and other channels.